Docs update on prometheus_rule_group_iterations_missed_total metric f… (#1269)
improbable-eng/thanos: docs/components/rule.md

either gap in rule or potentially ignored alert. Alert heavily on this if this happens for longer than your alert thresholds.
`strategy` label will tell you if failures comes from rules that tolerate [partial response](rule.md#partial-response) or not.

* `prometheus_rule_group_last_duration_seconds < prometheus_rule_group_interval_seconds`  If the difference is large, it means
that rule evaluation took more time than the scheduled interval. It can indicate that your query backend (e.g Querier) takes too much time
to evaluate the query, i.e. that it is not fast enough to fill the rule. This might indicate other problems like slow StoreAPis or
too complex query expression in rule.

* `thanos_rule_evaluation_with_warnings_total`. If you choose to use Rules and Alerts with [partial response strategy's](rule.md#partial-response)
value as "warn", this metric will tell you how many evaluation ended up with some kind of warning. To see the actual warnings
see WARN log level. This might suggest that those evaluations return partial response and might not be accurate.

> * `prometheus_rule_group_last_duration_seconds > prometheus_rule_group_interval_seconds`. With all the networking overhead of thanos - you might end up in a situation when actual group evaluation

Reviewer: Would argue if that `with all the networking overhead` comment is useful. You can end up in this situation for Prometheus as well. Also you might have local setup, so there might be not much of networking overhead, so it really depends.
 
```suggestion
* `prometheus_rule_group_last_duration_seconds > prometheus_rule_group_interval_seconds`.You might end up in a situation when actual group evaluation
```

time is bigger than the evaluation interval which leads to an incomplete data set. If you see this alert firing - you most likely need to tune

> evaluation interval or divide rules to smaller groups. (Rules within one group are executed sequentially and different groups are executed in parallel)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
evaluation interval or divide rules to smaller groups. Note that rules within one group are executed sequentially in ordered manner. Groups are executed concurrently to each other.
```
